Convert to new style mkdocs (#152)
networktocode/netutils: README.md

  <br>
</p>

## Overview

A Python library that is a collection of functions that are used in the common network automation tasks. Tasks such as converting a BGP ASN to and from dotted format, normalizing an interface name, or "type 5" encrypting a password. The intention is to centralize these functions while keeping the library light.

## Documentation

Full web-based HTML documentation for this library can be found over on the [Netutils Docs](https://netutils.readthedocs.io) website:

- [User Guide](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/lib_overview/) - Overview, Using the library, Getting Started.
- [Administrator Guide](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/install/) - How to Install, Configure, Upgrade, or Uninstall the library.
- [Developer Guide](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/dev/contributing/) - Extending the library, Code Reference, Contribution Guide.
- [Release Notes / Changelog](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/release_notes/).
- [Frequently Asked Questions](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/faq/).

### Contributing to the Docs

> You can find all the Markdown source for the library documentation under the [docs](https://github.com/networktocode/netutils/tree/develop/docs) folder in this repository. For simple edits, a Markdown capable editor is sufficient - clone the repository and edit away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the Markdown source for the library documentation can be found under the [docs](https://github.com/networktocode/netutils/tree/develop/docs) folder in this repository. For simple edits, a Markdown capable editor is sufficient - clone the repository and edit away.
```
